Oh. A little lower.
Lower.
( sighs softly )
How's that?
( sighs )
ODO: Well, I hope this taught
you a lesson.
What's that?
Never play spring ball
against a changeling.
Well, just for that, next time,
I'm not going
to let you win a single game.
Well, then you'd better work
on your backhand.
Mm-mm.
Right now, all I want to do is just sleep
for two or three--
( gasping ) oh, oh, oh...
Days.
Go right ahead.
I should be back by the time you wake up.
Back? From where?
I received a coded message
from Gul Russol this morning.
Gul Russol.
I thought he was executed
when Cardassia joined the Dominion.
So did I, but apparently we were wrong.
The message says he wants to meet with me.
-Why?
-I don't know,
but he's my most reliable
Cardassian informant.
You mean he was. What if Russol is dead
and this is just a trap?
I've thought about that,
but I have to be sure.
I owe him that much.
-Want me to come with you?
-Russol insists I come alone.
Don't worry, Nerys.
I'll be careful.
Worried? Ha.
This just gives me more time to work
on my backhand.
( chuckles )
QUARK: Chief!
How much longer is the Promenade
going to be closed?
My bar is empty. My waiters are bored.
-And I'm losing money.
-Leave me alone, Quark,
or I'll feed you to one
of those plasma conductors.
-Are you threatening me?
-We're working as fast as we can.
As spokesman for the Promenade
Merchants' Association, I'm going to file
-an official protest with Captain Sisko.
-Put it in writing, Quark.
I'll go find a padd.
So, how much longer, Chief?
Well, we should be through here
by the end of the day, sir.
Oh, I'm not talking about the Promenade.
I'm talking about the Defiant.
When is the gravity net
going to be repaired?
The last time I stepped onto the Bridge,
I felt ten kilos heavier.
-I'm afraid it's going to take some time.
-How much time? About three weeks.
We have to replace
the graviton stabilizer.
You have three days. I'm going to take
the Defiant back out on patrol,
and I don't want my crew getting queasy
because the gravity keeps fluctuating.
But, sir, the Sector Quartermaster said,
it would take three weeks
to get us a new stabilizer.
Well, that is your problem, Chief.
Now, I'm leaving for Bajor
for a conference,
and I want that stabilizer replaced
by the time I get back.
Do I make myself clear?
Yes, sir.
I don't mean to sound negative,
but I don't see
how you're going to get the Defiant
ready in three days.
Neither do I.
This Quartermaster you've been dealing
with, what's his name?
Uh, Chief... Chief... Chief Willoughby.
I mean his first name. I don't know.
-Is he married?
-Married?
What does that have to do with getting
us a graviton stabilizer?
Everything. This Chief Willoughby
must get hundreds of supply requisitions
every day.
He can't possibly fill them all.
So he puts everyone on a waiting list.
I know how he feels.
I do the same thing.
Well, the secret is getting him to put you
at the top of that list,
and the best way to do that
is to form a relationship with him.
NOG: Get to know the name of his wife,
his children.
Find out what he likes to eat.
I don't have time to form
a relationship with Willoughby.
I do.
I can get you that stabilizer, Chief.
In three days? Leave everything to me.
All right. But don't do anything
I wouldn't do.
Chief, I can't operate
under those kinds of restrictions.
At least promise me you won't do anything
to get us court-martialed.
-I'll try.
-Nog!
Just kidding, Chief.
( laughing )
( sighs )
Russol?
-Russol?
-WEYOUN: I'm afraid he couldn't be here.
Weyoun.
Founder.
It is an honor to stand
in your presence once again.
Where's Gul Russol?
I'm afraid the Cardassian Central Command
had him put to death almost a year ago.
WEYOUN: I regret having to deceive you,
but it was the only way I could
think of to get you here.
Well, I'm here.
What do you want?
To serve you.
I no longer consider myself
a member of the Dominion.
You're defecting?
Do with me as you wish.
I place my fate entirely in your hands.
You don't believe me, do you?
I believe Gul Russol is dead.
You say you're defecting
from the Dominion? Why?
-Founder, please...
-I've told you before, I'm not a Founder.
As you wish.
Odo... I'll tell you
everything you want to know, but first,
we really should get aboard your runabout.
The Jem'Hadar are already hunting for me,
and if I'm found--
You still haven't answered my question.
Why did you decide to defect?
I realized my place is with you.
You can do better than that.
Then let's just say, I left Cardassia
because my life was in danger.
-From whom?
-Everyone.
Aren't you being a little paranoid?
Of course, I'm paranoid, everyone's trying
to kill me.
-Why?
-Because this war with the Federation
was supposed to have been won months ago.
Well, things don't always
turn out as planned.
Quite true... and when things go wrong,
someone has to take the blame
and this time, it's me.
Now...
we really should be going.
Think about it, Odo.
The information I possess
could help the Federation win this war.
And you're willing
to share that information?
All you have to do is ask.
We've heard rumors
that the Dominion has established
a new ketracel-white storage facility
somewhere in sector 507.
The facility's located
in the Pelosa system.
I can provide you
with the exact coordinates.
Odo to the Rio Grande, two to beam up.
( sighs )
Sit here, where I can keep an eye on you.
If it makes you feel better...
but you should know
I would never harm a God.
I'm not a God. I'm a security officer.
As far as I'm concerned,
you're just another prisoner.
You have no idea how much
it hurts me to hear you say that.
( sighs )
-I spoke to Edgar.
-Edgar who?
Your new best friend,
Chief Edgar Willoughby.
He wanted me to thank you for that bottle
of Gamzian wine you sent him.
-I didn't send him any wine.
-I took the liberty of sending it for you.
By the way, his wife's name is Cynthia.
They have a daughter, Melissa, age eight,
-and a son, Edgar Jr., age five.
-Did you get the stabilizer?
-Not quite.
-What do you mean, "not quite"?
Unfortunately, he's out of stabilizers
and won't be getting a new shipment
for another week.
Oh, well, that's it, I'm doomed.
Not necessarily. Eddie told me
the USS Sentinel has an extra stabilizer.
What makes you think
they're going to give it to us?
I didn't say they were going
to give it to us...
but they might be willing to trade for it.
Trade? For what?
Depends on what they need
and what we have.
Well, I suppose it doesn't hurt to try.
But remember, be discreet.
Rule of Acquisition 168,
"Whisper your way to success."
( chuckling ) Words to live by.
Chief, one more thing.
I need your authorization code.
-What for?
-The shipping orders.
Bring them to me and I'll authorize them.
I just thought it would save time.
When did you say the Captain
was going to be back?
( sighs )
Stop looking so worried, Chief.
I've got it all under control.
I sure hope so.
I wish you'd stop doing that.
-Doing what?
-Staring at me.
Was I? I didn't mean to.
You've been doing it
for the last ten hours.
I'm sorry.
It's just such an honor to be sitting here
with a G--
Security officer.
( beeping )
-We're being hailed.
-WEYOUN: Don't respond.
-It's a Cardassian transmission.
-Scramble the com frequencies
-So they can't lock onto us.
-I'm trying.
Founder... it's an honor to speak
with you again.
-You look surprised to see me, Odo.
-I'm well aware the Vorta are all clones,
but I'm not sure the universe
is ready for two Weyouns.
I couldn't agree more.
So, which of you is the Weyoun
I've had the misfortune of dealing
with over the past few years?
Actually, neither of us.
That was Weyoun 5. Our illustrious
predecessor was killed a month ago.
And I had the honor of replacing him.
What a sad day that was for the Dominion.
Weyoun 5 was a great man, a true patriot.
His death in a transporter...
accident was most unfortunate.
WEYOUN 6: And still under investigation.
A very thorough investigation
that has found no evidence of foul play.
Interesting.
So, if you're Weyoun 6, you must be 7.
Clones, keeping track
of them is a full-time job.
And why were you activated
if he's still alive?
Normally, I wouldn't have been, but when
a clone is found to be defective...
-I'm not defective.
-WEYOUN 7: Of course you are.
What other explanation is there
for your behavior?
Leaving your post, defecting to the enemy.
-Are you calling Odo your enemy?
-Absolutely not.
I was referring to the Federation,
as you're well aware.
Enough bickering. Order him to trigger
his implant.
I was getting to that.
What implant?
Like all Vorta,
I have a termination implant
in my brain stem.
Prove your loyalty
to the Founders activate it.
The only Founder I'm loyal to is Odo,
and he wants me alive.
I told you it was a waste of time
trying to reason with him.
You're a dead man
whether you activate the implant or not.
That ship will never make it back
to Deep Space 9.
Founder, there's really no need
for you to be involved
in this petty dispute.
If you'll just hold your position
until one of our ships can reach you.
I have no intention of releasing
my prisoner to you.
WEYOUN 7: If you don't,
I can't be responsible
for the consequences.
That's an empty threat.
He wouldn't dare harm a Founder.
Maybe he won't, but I will.
Think it over, shape-shifter.
One of our attack ships is on the way.
Forgive me, Odo.
I should have told you
the truth about myself.
Well, it's not too late to start.
Why did you defect?
It's quite simple really.
From the moment I was activated,
I felt this war was wrong.
Please don't misunderstand me.
I still worship the Founders,
but I believe their obsession
with conquering the Alpha
Quadrant is misguided.
It's time they learned to live in peace
with the solids.
I know it's not my place
to question the Founders.
Maybe Weyoun 7 is right.
I am defective.
On the contrary.
What you're saying, about the war,
about the Founders...
Makes perfect sense.
I want to thank you, Odo
for the way you stood up for me,
protected me.
Well, don't let it go to your head.
I'd do the same for any prisoner.
Of course, you would.
You're a God.
To think a Weyoun
could be capable of such treachery.
I knew there was something wrong with him
from the moment we met.
He lacked your appetite for cruelty.
He's a disgrace to me and all Vorta.
Though... I suppose he can't be held
completely responsible for his behavior.
The Vorta cloning process
is a very delicate one.
Every once in a while, a clone is found
to be defective.
It's never happened to a Weyoun before
but, it does happen.
And speaking of treachery...
there is still the little matter
of the death of Weyoun 5.
You really believe I had something
to do with that?
You were supposed
to be on that transporter pad with him.
I was called away, urgent meeting
with Central Command.
How convenient.
-I always was lucky.
-Hmm.
Are you sure I can't interest you
in a glass of kanar?
I'm afraid our problems won't be washed
away quite that easily.
I don't know
what you're so concerned about.
Odo couldn't possibly hope to outrun
a Jem'Hadar attack ship.
But what if he refuses
to hand over his prisoner?
Then he'll die.
He will not.
We can't kill a Founder. I forbid it.
Unless we stop them, Odo is going to take
your predecessor back to the Federation
where he will undoubtedly
reveal all he knows,
all you know,
about our strategic operations.
-You know what that means, don't you?
-It means we could lose the war.
That's right.
And I will not allow that to happen.
Cardassia has risked too much,
suffered too much.
I will not stand by
and let all of our plans,
all of our dreams
for the future end in defeat
just to spare the life
of one shape-shifter.
I don't believe the Jem'Hadar
are going to fire on Odo,
even if they're ordered to.
They don't need to know he's on board.
You simply order them
to destroy the runabout.
I suppose it could work.
But if the Founders ever found out that we
were responsible for Odo's death...
Who's going to tell them?
Odo doesn't even consider himself
a Founder.
Then we agree.
The runabout must be destroyed.
Excellent.
Now, I really think you
should try a little kanar.
( chuckles )
-Morning, Lieutenant.
-I'd make myself scarce if I were you.
-Why?
-KIRA: Chief.
In here now.
Tried to warn you.
Do you mind explaining this?
-Where's the Captain's desk?
-Oh, you don't know?
This is your authorization code, isn't it?
-Nog.
-What about him?
He must have traded the Captain's desk
-for the graviton stabilizer.
-Excuse me?
Don't worry, Colonel.
I will get the desk back.
Oh, you're damn right, you will.
The Captain is returning
from Bajor in two days,
and when he does, I want his desk
sitting right here, where it belongs.
Don't worry, Chief. I didn't give away
the Captain's desk.
-I just loaned it to someone.
-Who?
-Al Lorenzo.
-Who's Al Lorenzo?
The Chief of Operations on Decos Prime.
What does he want with the Captain's desk?
He wants to take a picture of it.
Why?
He likes to collect holophotos of himself
sitting behind the desks
of famous Starfleet Captains.
Usually, he just sneaks
into their offices,
but with the war on, it's been hard
for him to get away.
Well, that makes sense.
He's got quite a collection.
Captain DeSoto's desk, Captain Picard's--
Okay, fine. So... once he has his picture,
he's going to send us
the graviton stabilizer.
No. He's giving us an induction modulator.
But we don't need an induction modulator.
But the USS Musashi does.
Ah...
so the Musashi's going
to send us the stabilizer.
No. They're giving us a phaser emitter.
But we don't need a phaser emitter.
I know, but the USS Sentinel does,
and they have the extra stabilizer.
And they're willing to give
it up for a phaser emitter?
-That's the rumor.
-Rumor?
You've made all these deals
based on a rumor?
From a very reliable source.
Well, what if it turns out not to be true?
You have to have faith, Chief.
-In a rumor?
-No. In the Great Material Continuum.
Who are they?
It's not a "they." It's the force
that binds the universe together.
I must have missed that class
in engineering school.
NOG: On Ferenginar, we learn about
the Continuum
while we still have our first set of ears.
This is no time for Ferengi fairy tales.
The Continuum is real.
You see, there are millions
upon millions of worlds
in the universe, each one filled
with too much of one thing
and not enough of another.
And the Great Continuum
flows through them all
like a mighty river,
from have to want and back again.
And, if we navigate the Continuum
with skill and grace,
our ship will be filled
with everything our hearts desire.
Well, right now,
I'd settle for a stabilizer
and the Captain's desk.
The river will provide.
( scoffs ) If it doesn't sink us first.
( mumbling )
Odo?
( gasping )
Oh.
What's wrong?
I think I was... dreaming.
Sounded more like a nightmare.
I was on Earth...
Starfleet Headquarters.
I was supposed to report for my debriefing
but I couldn't find the right office.
Then I started calling your name,
but you didn't answer.
And then suddenly...
I was being chased by some Jem'Hadar...
or were they Klingons?
( chuckles )
Silly, isn't it?
Not at all.
It isn't easy to turn your back
on your own people.
Believe me, I know.
Odo, do you think Starfleet
would allow you
to conduct my debriefing?
Possibly.
It would make it much easier.
( beeping )
( alarm blares )
-What is it?
-Trouble.
I can't believe they're firing on us.
Trust me, they are.
But the Jem'Hadar would never obey
an order to harm a Founder.
Maybe they finally got it through
their head that I'm not a Founder.
Or they don't know who they're firing at.
We've got to let them know
you're on board.
They're jamming all the frequencies.
I can't get through.
They've been ordered
not to communicate with us.
Damar said he was determined
not to let us get back to the station.
See if you can get above them.
Why?
I'll explain later. Just do it.
What now?
Lock phasers on their dorsal
field junction.
Their shields are weakest there.
Well, congratulations.
You've just saved our lives.
And murdered loyal servants
of the Dominion.
May the Founders forgive me.
Has it ever occurred to you
that the reason you believe
the Founders are Gods
is because that's what they want
you to believe?
That they built it into your genetic code?
Of course they did.
That's what Gods do.
After all, why be a God if there's no one
to worship you.
Rom, where's Nog?
I don't know, Chief. Nog left the station
a couple of hours ago in a runabout.
Who gave him permission
to use a runabout?
You did.
Oh! I never should have given
him my authorization code.
Did he say when he'd be back?
Not to me.
How could he do this to me?
How could he leave me adrift
mid-river without a paddle?
What river would that be?
You know, the Great Material Continuum.
Oh, that river.
It can be very treacherous.
Tell me about it.
I suppose the good news is, with Nog gone,
nothing else can go missing.
Where are my cases of bloodwine?
( beeping )
I do not know, General,
but I promise you I will find out.
( snarling growl )
( kicks crate )
DAMAR: I don't understand it.
How could a runabout destroy
a Jem'Hadar fighter?
Isn't it obvious?
My predecessor must have helped Odo
get past the ship's defenses.
-Then how do we stop them?
-How else? Send more ships.
Send a whole battalion if necessary
from our base at Olmerak.
Consider it done.
Remember to tell them to fire on sight.
FEMALE SHAPE-SHIFTER: Fire at whom?
Founder, how may I serve you?
By answering my question.
We spotted a Federation runabout spying
on our base in the Olmerak system.
Surely one ship
shouldn't be much of a threat.
We'll have it destroyed within the hour.
Are you feeling all right?
Why do you ask?
Your face.
I'm fine.
But from now on,
I want the temperature in these rooms
lowered by 15 degrees.
I do not share
the Cardassians' love of heat.
Nor do I. Lower the temperature.
As you wish.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
Have you located Weyoun 6?
-It's only a matter of time.
-So you keep saying.
I assure you, Founder,
he will be dealt with.
Did you notice her face?
How parched it looked?
You heard her. These rooms are too hot.
I wonder.
I'm telling you she's not well.
She's not the Founder
you should be worried about.
Contact Olmerak and order those ships
to intercept the runabout.
Mmm... mmm-mmm.
( clatters )
( sighs )
That was filling.
I would hope so.
You've sampled
the replicator's entire menu.
I enjoyed the different... textures.
You mean tastes, don't you?
Not at all. The Vorta's sense of taste
is quite limited.
About the only foods we really enjoy
are kava nuts and rippleberries.
Ah. I take it
this is also the result
of your genetic programming?
It's the Founder's way of making sure
we remember our past.
You must know the story
of how the Founders created the Vorta?
( sighs ) No.
But I have the feeling
you're going to tell me all about it.
The Vorta used to be quite different
from what we are today.
We were forest dwellers, small, timid,
ape-like creatures,
living in hollowed-out trees.
Eating nuts and berries.
And living in fear of the many predators
that would hunt us for food.
One day, a wounded changeling
came stumbling through the forest,
fleeing from a mob of angry solids.
-Why were they chasing him?
-What does it matter?
Solids have always feared
and mistrusted shape-shifters.
You know that.
Well, a family of Vorta
hid the changeling from his pursuers,
and in exchange for saving his life,
the changeling promised
the Vorta that one day
we would be transformed
into powerful beings,
that we would become an important part
of a great new empire
-that would stretch across the galaxy.
-And the changeling kept his word?
That's right. Imagine, Odo,
my people were once little more than apes,
and look at us now.
Look at what you've done for us.
If the story were true,
it would at least prove
that my people are capable
of generosity and kindness.
You care about your people
very much, don't you, Odo,
in spite of all that's happened
between you?
Maybe I do,
but that doesn't change the fact
that they're responsible for a war
that's killed millions.
Odo, there's something you need to know.
A sickness has spread
throughout the Great Link.
The Founders...
are dying.
I was summoned to a meeting
by the female changeling.
She wanted to discuss
troop deployments with me,
and suddenly, her hands began to...
Shrivel.
It lasted only a second or two,
but over the last few weeks
it's happened a number of times.
It's like she's... withering.
And you're sure
the other changelings are also infected?
She said the entire Link
is suffering from the disease.
Everyone but me.
If they're unable to find a cure,
you'll be the last of your kind.
Why didn't you tell me this earlier?
Because I knew how much it would hurt you.
I'm sorry to bring you such sad news,
but at least you're not infected.
The Dominion will survive.
Meaning what?
Think about it, Odo.
You have an opportunity
to rectify the mistakes
your people have made.
To build a new Dominion
based on cooperation, not conquest,
on peace, not war,
a new order under your leadership.
And what's your role going
to be in this "new order"?
Whatever you want it to be.
I wish only to serve you.
( beeping )
( alarm blaring )
All right.
Then you can start
by telling me how one runabout
is going to survive an assault
by four Jem'Hadar ships.
I'm sure you'll think of something.
There's a Kuiper belt not far from here.
We might be able to hide
among the comet fragments.
But we don't have much time.
They're closing fast.
These comet fragments
are nothing but huge chunks of ice.
The Jem'Hadar will have
no trouble finding us.
Not if we become the ice.
( equipment powering down )
Well, with the power off
and the runabout in thermal
contact with the ice,
we won't generate enough
of an energy signature
for their sensors to read.
"We become the ice."
Only a God could think of such a thing.
Well, let's just hope the Jem'Hadar
give up their search
before we freeze to death.
My faith will keep me warm.
Hmm. Perhaps, but in an hour,
you may want to trade
in that faith for a thermal blanket.
What do you think?
It's white.
I know it's white.
I'm going to paint it.
It's the wrong shape.
It's the wrong height, the wrong width.
Other than that, it's perfect.
The Captain'll never suspect
you switched desks on him.
Julian, I need help, not sarcasm.
I'm afraid Nog's the only one
who can help you now.
If he gets back to the station
before the Captain does.
Maybe he's not coming back.
Maybe he's decided to make a run for it.
That isn't the Captain's desk.
He's going to paint it.
Get it out of here!
Can I help you, General?
No... but he can!
O'BRIEN: Bloodwine?
Sixteen cases... sent to me by my wife.
Now, where are they?
-Well, how... how should I know?
-You authorized their removal.
That is your authorization code,
is it not?
Nog.
Chief...
I want that bloodwine
back here by tomorrow.
Understood?
( shivering )
Odo...
when you said
you were cutting power to all systems,
did that include life-support?
I'm afraid so.
Oh. That explains it.
Explains what?
Why I'm having trouble breathing.
We should have enough oxygen left
for another three hours.
Of course, by then,
we will have probably frozen to death.
But you can't die.
You have to survive
to rebuild the Dominion.
( explosion )
They found us.
-What do we do now?
-We can't stay here.
You're not going to try
to outrun those ships, are you?
What choice do we have?
-We're on fire.
-There's an extinguisher behind you.
What are you waiting for?
I live only to serve you.
( com console beeping )
What are you doing? Why have you activated
the com system?
All right. Call off those ships.
Why should I?
Because you don't need
them anymore.
I'm glad to see
you've come to your senses.
What have you done?
I've saved your life,
and the Dominion's as well.
He's activated his termination implant
and proven himself
to be a worthy Vorta at last.
I obey the Founders in all things.
Now call off those ships!
We don't know what he told Odo.
He may have revealed important tactical...
It's a risk we'll just have to take.
( console beeping )
I've ordered the Jem'Hadar
to break off the attack.
I see your runabout has suffered
some battle damage.
Will you require any further assistance?
I think you've done enough!
I sincerely regret any... inconvenience
we may have caused you, Odo.
Please have a safe and pleasant journey
back to Deep Space 9.
They say voluntary termination
is quick and painless.
I'm afraid it's not true.
I'll get you a pain suppresser.
That won't be necessary,
but there is one thing you can do for me.
What's that?
Give me your blessing.
I... I can't.
Please, Odo.
Tell me I haven't failed,
that I've served you well.
You have,
and for that you have my gratitude...
and... my blessing.
Miles, the Captain's back.
I know. He sent for me.
Good luck.
Thanks.
Ah, Chief.
Captain, your desk...
Yes, it looks nice, doesn't it?
I came in this morning and found
Ensign Nog polishing it.
It was looking a little dull.
Well, here is the maintenance request
from the Gettysburg.
It should be docking here later today.
That'll be all.
Yes, sir.
Oh, about the stabilizer...
-Captain, I-I can explain.
-SISKO: Don't bother.
Ensign Nog tells me you were able
to get a hold of one this morning.
I was?
I mean, I was.
How long before you can have it on line?
Um... eight hours.
I plan to take the Defiant
out on patrol in two.
Two it is, sir.
I don't know how you did it, Nog.
I never lost faith
in the Great Material Continuum.
Ah, like you say, the River will provide.
Chief!
The waters just got choppy again.
I want you to have this.
Consider it an apology.
Well... you found the bloodwine?
Not exactly. Ensign Nog
returned from his trip
with 16 cases of 2309,
a very good year.
An even better vintage
than the one my wife sent me.
( chuckles )
Well, I'm, uh...
I'm glad you approve.
And remember,
any time you're shopping
for wines or spirits,
my Cousin Gant is the man to see.
We will keep that in mind.
Your Cousin Gant?
-Just another sailor on the Great River.
-Ah...
By the way, Gant mentioned
he's got ten cases of Saurian brandy.
It's the Captain's favorite, you know.
Level 5.
What does he want for them?
I don't think I'll ever forget
the look on his face when he died.
He seemed so... content.
The last thing he saw
was one of his Gods smiling at him.
If you ask me, he was a lucky man.
Nerys, please.
No, listen to me.
I know to Starfleet
the Prophets are nothing
more than wormhole aliens,
but to me, they're Gods.
KIRA: I can't prove it.
Then, again, I don't have to,
because my faith in them is enough,
just as Weyoun's faith in you...
was enough for him.
Well, now it appears that the Vorta
may have to learn
to get along without their Gods.
I'm sorry.
You're worried about your people.
The changelings are dying,
and I can't help them.
-They're the enemy.
-A very dangerous enemy.
Now more than ever,
because they're all so desperate.
( sighs ) This isn't easy for you,
but you have to remember
they started this war.
You didn't.
That's true...
but I know now
whichever side wins,
one thing is certain...
I'm going to lose.